FAQ:
1.Some unknown errors during the usage can be found in the command line interface, please first make sure there is no any space or special character in the software directory and the directories required during the usage.

2.In "1.Prepare receptors" module, the error occurs:
Fail to prepare xxxx.pdb. It is possible that the protein contains metal ions that are not recognized by the Autodock force field or other errors.
Cause: The protein structure contains special atoms or ions that cannot be recognized by the force field. The Autodock force field contains parameters for the following five metal elements: Ca,Mg,Zn,Mn,Fe.
Solution: Remove the special atoms, ions and impurity molecules in advance by any visualization software.

3.In "2.Prepare ligands" module, after ligands are prepared, some wrong bonds are found in a few ligands' structures by visualization.
Cause: Maybe these ligands are too large and complex, or 2D structures are used instead of 3D structures. OpenBabel cannot convert the format of these molecules correctly because the structure file in pdbqt format does not contain detailed bond information.
Solution: Try to prepare the ligands in AutodockTools or use 3D structure files.

4.A warning appears in the command line interface during docking:
WARNING： Search space volume is greater than 27000 Angstrom^3 (see FAQ)
Cause: The docking box is too large.
Solution: For blind docking, please ignore this warning. For other docking methods, please reduce the docking box using "size_x/y/z" parameters.

5.In "5.Result analysis" module, after generating the docking complex, the structure is found to be broken or wrong by visualization.
Cause: Incomplete or incorrect structure of the original protein file, presence of indeterminate structural domains, or atomic number conflicts.
Solution: Use PyMol or Discovery Studio Visualizer to generate the docking complex, i.e., save the ligand's docking pose and the receptor as a complete file in pdb format.

6.Docking with Vina-GPU:
Vina-GPU has been tested to significantly speed up docking. Please note the following requirements when using this method for large-scale docking:
(1) An NVIDIA GPU with as good performance as possible is required, at least GTX1050, otherwise the docking may crash or be slower than using CPU.
(2) Please make sure that your GPU driver is the latest version, at least version 465, otherwise it cannot support openCL3.0 and the error will occur: Err-11:CL_BUILD_PROGRAM_FAILURE
(3) Vina-GPU cannot be used with a large docking box, such as blind docking, otherwise the error will occur: Assertion failed:MAX_NUM_OF_GRID_MI
(4) For other possible problems generated by Vina-GPU, if there is no error in the same docking process with Vina 1.1.2, please contact the authors of Vina-GPU to get the solutions;
(5) If the GPU of your computer has been changed, please download BatchVinaGUI again to ensure the normal use of Vina-GPU.

Known BUGs:
1.There may be some compatibility problems for OpenBabel on a few computers, which results in the failure in the step of converting ligands to pdbqt format in "2.Prepare ligands" module (not resolved).
The error may be like: 
Missing or unknown output file or format spec or possibly a misplaced option. Options, other than -i -o -O -m, must come after the input files.

FAQ：
1.使用中的未知错误可在黑色命令行界面查找原因，请先确认软件所在路径及填写的路径中不包含中文、空格和特殊字符。

2.受体格式转化步骤中，产生报错信息：
Fail to prepare xxxx.pdb. It is possible that the protein contains metal ions that are not recognized by the Autodock force field or other errors.
原因：蛋白质结构中含有不包含在Autodock力场中的特殊原子或离子，Autodock力场包含如下五种金属元素的力场参数：Ca,Mg,Zn,Mn,Fe。
解决方法：预先在可视化软件中删除特殊的原子、离子和杂质分子。

3.配体格式转化后，查看配体发现形成了错误的化学键。
原因：可能是配体过大或使用了2D结构而不是3D结构，由于pdbqt文件格式不包含键的信息，因而openbabel无法正常进行格式转换。
解决方法：使用化合物的3D结构或尝试在AutodockTools中准备配体。

4.对接步骤中命令行出现警告：
WARNING： Search space volume is greater than 27000 Angstrom^3 (see FAQ)
原因：选择的对接盒子过大。
解决方法：如为盲对接，请忽略此警告，若为其他对接方式，请缩小对接盒子。

5.生成对接复合物步骤中，生成的复合物经可视化软件查看结构破碎/错误：
原因：原蛋白质文件结构不完整或存在错误或存在不定型结构域或原子序号冲突。
解决方法：使用Pymol或Discovery Studio进行复合操作，即将对接结果配体与受体保存为一个pdb格式文件。

6.使用Vina-GPU进行对接：
经测试，该方法极大加快了对接速度，使用该方法进行大规模的对接时请务必注意以下要求：
(1)请使用NVIDIA显卡，且尽可能性能较好，至少为GTX1050，否则对接过程可能卡死导致对接失败；
(2)请确保您的显卡驱动为最新版本，至少应大于465版本，否则无法支持openCL3.0，导致运行报错：Err-11:CL_BUILD_PROGRAM_FAILURE
(3)无法用于对接盒子过大的情形，如盲对接，请尽可能使用较小的对接盒子，否则会报错：Assertion failed:MAX_NUM_OF_GRID_MI
(4)对于其他由Vina-GPU产生的问题，在使用Vina1.1.2的情况下未发现错误，请联系Vina-GPU的作者获得解决方法；
(5)若您的电脑更换了显卡，请重新下载本软件以确保Vina-GPU的正常使用。

Known BUGs:
1.Openbabel在少数计算机中存在兼容性问题，导致2准备配体步骤中，无法将分子转换为pdbqt格式。（未解决）
报错信息如下：Missing or unknown output file or format spec or possibly a misplaced option. Options, other than -i -o -O -m, must come after the input files.
